FAQ added for Testing Distribution module (#896)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/enterprise-app-store/index.md

---

import ContentRef from '@site/src/components/ContentRef';

> import PATDanger from '@site/docs/testing-distribution/\_orgAtoB-send-binary-danger.mdx';

Reviewer: it should be under the doc folder because it is common for EAS , TD and Publish

Author: added under doc folder

> import PATDanger from '@site/docs/testing-distribution/\_orgAtoB-send-binary-danger.mdx';

Reviewer: The more correct and conventional form is `PatDanger`.
Using PascalCase, where each word starts with a capital letter, commonly used for naming classes or components in many programming languages.

> import PATDanger from '@site/docs/testing-distribution/\_orgAtoB-send-binary-danger.mdx';

Reviewer: OrgA and OrgB only a example for that it cannot be a component-box name.

> import EnvGroupSetterCaution from '@site/docs/testing-distribution/\_orgAtoB-send-binary-caution.mdx';

Reviewer: it should be under the doc folder because it is common for EAS , TD and Publish

Author: added under doc folder

---

import ContentRef from '@site/src/components/ContentRef';

> import PatDanger from '@site/docs/\_pat-usage-workflows-danger.mdx';

Author: Im using it on line 171

import ContentRef from '@site/src/components/ContentRef';
import PatDanger from '@site/docs/\_pat-usage-workflows-danger.mdx';
import EnvGroupSetCaution from '@site/docs/\_env-group-set-on-config-caution.mdx';

> import NewerVersionCodeCaution from '@site/docs/\_newer-version-code-caution.mdx';

Author: yes, i tested this case and EAS also requires new version code

#### Do you offer plans specific to Enterprise App Store (without CI/CD features)?

Thanks to the modular structure of Appcircle, all modules can be used independently. Accordingly, you can also request a special plan only for Enterprise App Store. Please [contact us](https://appcircle.io/contact) for detailed information.

### How can I get a binary from another organization for use in the Enterprise App Store ?

Let’s assume there are two organizations: Organization A and Organization B.
In Organization A, we have a build profile that generates an IPA/APK.
In Organization B, we have a Enterprise App Store profile that we want to send the binary to.

> In Organization A's build profile workflow, after the [Export Build Artifacts](/workflows/common-workflow-steps/export-build-artifacts/) step, we can add a [Custom Script](/workflows/common-workflow-steps/custom-script/) step that includes the code snippet below to transfer the binary generated in Organization A to the Enterprise App Store profile in Organization B. In order to do this, we need Appcircle CLI, so this code snippet sets up the necessary information and sends binary with parameters.

Reviewer: > ... after the [Export Build Artifacts](/workflows/common-workflow-steps/export-build-artifacts/) step, ...

It should be **before**.
Unless absolutely necessary, we recommend placing this step end off the workflow:

![Screenshot 2025-04-11 at 12 21 29](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c1fac331-4c59-4ecd-8df4-277605e4fc0f)

Author: in this code block we use AC_OUTPUT_DIR to send the binary, this directory is filled when Export step is completed, so this way it has to be after of Export step

Reviewer: > this directory is filled when Export step is completed
@dorukbatur This info is not true please check the documentation:

Author: tested and changed before thanks for the info

> In Organization A's build profile workflow, after the [Export Build Artifacts](/workflows/common-workflow-steps/export-build-artifacts/) step, we can add a [Custom Script](/workflows/common-workflow-steps/custom-script/) step that includes the code snippet below to transfer the binary generated in Organization A to the Enterprise App Store profile in Organization B. In order to do this, we need Appcircle CLI, so this code snippet sets up the necessary information and sends binary with parameters.

Reviewer: Can you please add doc link for Appcircle CLI

Author: added accordingly

> #### Upload binary for an already existing Enterprise App Store Profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Upload binary for an already existing Enterprise App Store profile
```

```bash
#Bash script
sudo npm install -g @appcircle/cli
appcircle login --pat $ORG_B_PERSONAL_API_TOKEN
appcircle enterprise-app-store version upload-for-profile \
  --entProfileId "$ORG_B_ENT_APP_STORE_PROFILE_ID" \
  --app "$AC_OUTPUT_DIR"/*.apk

>   #if ipa is required change it to *.ipa

Reviewer: Comments are usually written above the related line of code

Author: in bash script syntax doesnt allow me to do that, this is why i did comment line under the code, testing failed that way

Reviewer: Actually 126, 127, 128 are like one line. You can add comment like that:
``` 
# If IPA or AAB is required, change "*.apk" to "*.ipa" or "*.aab”
appcircle enterprise-app-store version upload-for-profile \
   --entProfileId "$ORG_B_ENT_APP_STORE_PROFILE_ID" \
   --app "$AC_OUTPUT_DIR"/*.apk
```

>   #if ipa is required change it to *.ipa

Reviewer: It can be aab also, right?

Author: yes, it can be

Reviewer: So we should add aab in comment line like ipa.

```

> #### Upload binary with non-existing Enterprise App Store Profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Upload binary with non-existing Enterprise App Store profile
```

```bash
#Bash script
sudo npm install -g @appcircle/cli
appcircle login --pat $ORG_B_PERSONAL_API_TOKEN
appcircle enterprise-app-store version upload-without-profile \
  --app "$AC_OUTPUT_DIR"/*.apk

>   #if ipa is required change it to *.ipa

Reviewer: Comments are usually written above the related line of code.

Reviewer: Same change also should be in here.

>   #if ipa is required change it to *.ipa

Reviewer: It can be aab also, right?

Author: duplicated comment so i resolve this, because same answer for both, yes it can be .aab

Reviewer: Same change also should be in here.

```

> This will also generate a new Enterprise App Store Profile and application will be sent into this profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will also generate a new Enterprise App Store profile and application will be sent into this profile.
```

:::caution

> Keep in mind that uploading a binary to existing Enterprise App Store profile will require newer version code.

Reviewer: Version code of app or CLI, can you add this info?

Author: application, and added accordingly

:::

The key point here is that we need two essential parameters to make this work.
- `ORG_B_PERSONAL_API_TOKEN` => Organization PAT (Personal API Token) from Organization B 

> - `ORG_B_ENT_APP_STORE_PROFILE_ID` => Enterprise App Store Profile ID from Organization B

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ORG_B_ENT_APP_STORE_PROFILE_ID` => Enterprise App Store profile ID from Organization B
```

> For collecting PAT, follow this documentation [API authentication](/appcircle-api-and-cli/api-authentication/)

Reviewer: "collecting PAT" sounds a bit awkward and might be unclear, more natural alternative:
- To generate a PAT (my choose)

> Enterprise App Store Profile ID is simply logging in to the organization B, selecting the desired Enterprise App Store Profile, and dividing the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get Enterprise App Store profile ID by logging into Organization B, selecting the desired Enterprise App Store profile, and copying it from the URL.
```

For example, let's assume this is the URL after selecting the Enterprise App Store Profile.
`https://my.appcircle.io/enterprise-store/profiles/123456f-7d89-4545-5454-123456789abc`

Then the Enterprise App Store profile ID is => `123456f-7d89-4545-5454-123456789abc`

`$AC_OUTPUT_DIR` is an automatically generated environment variable. [Reserved Variables](/environment-variables/appcircle-specific-environment-variables/)

After collecting the essential parameters, they have to be set in the [Environment Variables](/environment-variables/) as 
ORG_B_PERSONAL_API_TOKEN,
ORG_B_ENT_APP_STORE_PROFILE_ID

> :::danger

Reviewer: Could you please turn the infoboxes you used multiple times into a reusable component?
I am forwarding you the feedback Onur gave me so you can understand what I mean.

> Dökümanın bir yerinde [bu](https://github.com/appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus/blob/develop/docs/self-hosted-appcircle/install-server/linux-package/configure-server/_appcircle-server-downtime-caution.mdx?plain=1) şekilde bir downtime caution oluşturuyorum. Bildiğin md formatı, herhangi bir farklılık yok. Kendisi bir sayfa olmadığı için biz ismini _ ile başlatıyoruz. Örneğin _appcircle-server-downtime-caution.mdx.
> Sonrasında bu caution'ı bir çok sayfada kullanıyoruz.
> Örneğin [monitoring](https://github.com/appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus/blob/de57c94e5d8d0d725310492c5de36fbdec6e5cf3/docs/self-hosted-appcircle/install-server/linux-package/configure-server/monitoring.md?plain=1#L11) sayfasında öncesinde [bu](https://github.com/appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus/blob/de57c94e5d8d0d725310492c5de36fbdec6e5cf3/docs/self-hosted-appcircle/install-server/linux-package/configure-server/advanced-configuration/cache-size-configuration.md?plain=1#L10C8-L10C23) satırda import ediyoruz, [bu](https://github.com/appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus/blob/de57c94e5d8d0d725310492c5de36fbdec6e5cf3/docs/self-hosted-appcircle/install-server/linux-package/configure-server/monitoring.md?plain=1#L87) şekilde de kullanıyoruz.
> Yine aynı caution'ı [cache size configuration](https://github.com/appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus/blob/de57c94e5d8d0d725310492c5de36fbdec6e5cf3/docs/self-hosted-appcircle/install-server/linux-package/configure-server/advanced-configuration/cache-size-configuration.md?plain=1#L18) sayfasında [bu](https://github.com/appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus/blob/de57c94e5d8d0d725310492c5de36fbdec6e5cf3/docs/self-hosted-appcircle/install-server/linux-package/configure-server/advanced-configuration/cache-size-configuration.md?plain=1#L10C8-L10C23) satırda import ediyoruz, [bu](https://github.com/appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus/blob/de57c94e5d8d0d725310492c5de36fbdec6e5cf3/docs/self-hosted-appcircle/install-server/linux-package/configure-server/advanced-configuration/cache-size-configuration.md?plain=1#L18) şekilde kullanıyoruz.

#### Upload binary for an already existing Enterprise App Store profile

```bash
#Bash script
sudo npm install -g @appcircle/cli
appcircle login --pat $ORG_B_PERSONAL_API_TOKEN
# If an IPA or AAB is required, change *.apk to *.ipa or *.aab
appcircle enterprise-app-store version upload-for-profile \
  --entProfileId "$ORG_B_ENT_APP_STORE_PROFILE_ID" \
  --app "$AC_OUTPUT_DIR"/*.apk
```

#### Uploads a binary and creates the Enterprise App Store profile if it does not already exist

```bash
#Bash script
sudo npm install -g @appcircle/cli
appcircle login --pat $ORG_B_PERSONAL_API_TOKEN
# If an IPA or AAB is required, change *.apk to *.ipa or *.aab
appcircle enterprise-app-store version upload-without-profile \
  --app "$AC_OUTPUT_DIR"/*.apk
```

This will also generate a new Enterprise App Store profile and application will be sent into this profile.

<NewerVersionCodeCaution />

The key point here is that we need two essential parameters to make this work.
- `ORG_B_PERSONAL_API_TOKEN` => Organization PAT (Personal API Token) from Organization B 
- `ORG_B_ENT_APP_STORE_PROFILE_ID` => Enterprise App Store profile ID from Organization B

> `$AC_OUTPUT_DIR` is an automatically generated environment variable. [Reserved Variables](/environment-variables/appcircle-specific-environment-variables/)

Author: i dont understand what do you mean with this, creating AC_OUTPUT_DIR again ? why ?

> `$AC_OUTPUT_DIR` is an automatically generated environment variable. [Reserved Variables](/environment-variables/appcircle-specific-environment-variables/)

Reviewer: We can add this line to the existing list, so that all the ENV variables mentioned in the script are grouped in a single list:
<img width="843" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-13 at 17 26 17" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7c850602-8203-4e20-b8a2-b51c940f01d2" />

To generate Personal API Token, follow this documentation [API authentication](/appcircle-api-and-cli/api-authentication/)

To obtain the Enterprise App Store profile ID, follow the steps below: 
1. Log in to organization B.
2. Go to Enterprise App Store module.
3. Select the desired Enterprise App Store profile
4. Copy it from the URL. `https://my.appcircle.io/enterprise-store/profiles/123456f-7d89-4545-5454-123456789abc`
5. Then the Publish profile ID is => `123456f-7d89-4545-5454-123456789abc`

After collecting the essential parameters, they have to be set in the [Environment Variables](/environment-variables/) as 
ORG_B_PERSONAL_API_TOKEN,

> ORG_B_ENT_APP_STORE_PROFILE_ID

Reviewer: Could you wrap these variables in backticks (``)?

Also, I noticed that you wrote the environment variables on new lines, but they appear on the same line in the preview. If you want them to appear on separate lines, you should leave an empty line above each one.

> ORG_B_ENT_APP_STORE_PROFILE_ID

Reviewer: Could you wrap these variables in backticks (``)?
Also, I noticed that you wrote the environment variables on new lines, but they appear on the same line in the preview. If you want them to appear on separate lines, you should leave an empty line above each one.

#Bash script
sudo npm install -g @appcircle/cli
appcircle login --pat $ORG_B_PERSONAL_API_TOKEN

> #if ipa or aab is required change it to *.ipa or *.aab

Reviewer: > change it to
It is not clear what needs to be changed. Could you please clarify?
